Q2. How do you test a web application? What is CSRF and SSRF? 

What is LDAP injection? 

How does namp work while port scanning? (Result - open/filtered/closed) 

How does ssl work? 
Suppose a proxy server(Burpsuite) is in b/w server and client so which certificate (server ssl or burpsuite ssl) client browser will validate? What is SQL injection, 

How do you check it? 

What is XSS and Difference between XSS and SQL Injection? 

How to check open ports in linux? 

DOM based XSS?? and difference between DOM based and Reflected XSS?? 

Session hijacking and Session fixation? How will you predict session ID of victim? 

What is HTTP method Trace? 

What is Null Byte? 

How will scan ports of a server if server is behind a firewall? 

Common Questions: Impact and mitigation of Owasp Top 10 Vulnerabilities How will you secure login page? 

Explain the PKI SSL certificates. Working of SSL in detail... 

Which key does the server contains in https SSL? 

Which key does the client carries? 

How does the client gets the key? 

Encryption algorithm selection during ssl handshake? 

Half open connection & Half closed connection ?? 

Mitigation of SQl and XSS What is your favourite vulnerabilities?

Which tool do use for Web app testing? Metasploit - what types of payloads have u used? 

Nmap - How do u scan a network? Httponly & Secure flag? 

Use of Intruder in BurpSuite? 

Difference between Blind SQL Injection and SQL Injection. Difference between risk, vulnerability, and threat? 

Encryption Vs Hashing Vs Encoding Vs Masking Vs Tokenization What is Burpsuite? 

What are the different attacks that can be performed using Burpsuite? 

What are the different attacks that you have performed using Kali Linux? 

IDS vs IPS vs HIPS Vs Firewall What is the role of a secure attribute in a cookie? Cookie vs Session? 

How does CSRF Attack work? 

Symmetric Vs Asymmetric Cryptography How can you mitigate SQL injection/ XSS/ CSRF attack? How can you prevent web server attacks? 

List any 3 ways to prevent Brute Force Attacks. What is Heart Bleed Attack? What is the use of Salting in Hashing? 

What are the different types of malware? 

What do you understand by Auxiliary modules in Metasploit? 

Blacklist Validation Vs White List Validation What is the role of Netcat in reverse shell? 

How can you perform a DDOS attack? What do you understand by session hijacking? 

How can it be prevented? 

What is click-jacking? Explain the MITM attack. 

What is the role of DMZ in network security? 

What is replay attack in network security? 

Elucidate the applications of Digital Signature. 

What are the common misconfigurations in Linux Environment? 

Different nmap scan flags and the difference in half connect & full connect scan. What is the role of Captcha in Web Application Security? 

What is a Session and why do we need a Session? 

How to extract data manually in sql injection vulnerability? 

Difference between error based and blind based How to handle a session? 

What are the ways to get session id? 

How does nmap check UDP open/close port? 

How will u check an ip is live or not manually? 

How to check disabled accounts in Linux? 

Shadow file fields? CSRF Protection SQL Injection and types and mitigation What is Rest and Soap? Blind XSS? 

CVE Deatils Matrix What is Safe APIs and parametrized queries?